fix workflow filename (#26)
temporalio/edu-102-typescript-code: exercises/using-objects/README.md

Before continuing with the steps below, take a moment to look at the code in
the `src/shared.ts` file to see how the types are defined for the Workflow.

> After this, look at the `workflows.ts` file to see how these values are passed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After this, look at the `src/workflow.ts` file to see how these values are passed
```
